yeah what's going on YouTube man yeah
i'm finally back after a little bit you
know i'm playing my playing somebody
random rain game dude named his dog of
the West you know I wonder toss on it
you know kicked it off had to get right
to business giving him that quick sack
right quick lay the fuck down sack them
again and then we all bro I don't know
what the fuck man I turned around two
fastest rate fuck you had to do me on
third Young said I came and running
around yo yeah come on later Matt had
three dudes on him bruh I was playing
with this guy yeah look at it look at
this no he just throwing up streaks he
don't care that shit fuck pick that shit
man no I'm saying over here yo go deep I
yo all right yo let's go man yeah that's
what I just fell like going deep ball
game and I didn't really care but then
he started playing two men under all you
know I'm saying once I saw that coming
up as an all right man everybody's
playing two men under I hit him with the
fade real quick do a quick Tebow real
quick you know I'm saying give thanks to
everybody up above his shit and keep it
moving right he had to lay him down
y'all know what he thinks he's doing
you'll pick that man what did he do yo
yo keep on going why you can't tackle
man just running it on for six on me yes
sit lay down right lay down you know I'm
saying y'all over here catch it on me
not proceed to run for six why are you
getting tackle when you doing me yo all
right don't pick it don't pick it all
right good good good yeah run run run a
fucking yeah yeah go ahead run an option
you fucking douche yeah pick that shit
out of bounds I fuck it whatever yeah so
he went for a field goal I don't know
what the fuck he was kicking it nigga
thought he was Billy come different shit
in the playoffs last year but over here
you know pick me off now run it yeah why
is even on a bound watch why don't
anybody ever run about 460 oh yeah i
forgot i was a passing of friends I so I
get back to business and shit all right
let me go V into another one why don't
you pick that again I threw it right to
you you know I'm saying right here I
don't know what I'm doing you'll pick it
you know I'm saying right here no pic
that oh he caught it he quarter all
right yeah it got to that appointment I
just thrown streets man care give me
that shit you don't say whatever right
catch it you know whatever let's go to
the next thing you're over here he just
throws it up no that's what I'm talking
about now Perseid there you go go go go
burn all through those dumb bastards
yeah yeah yeah yeah good good good good
good good now not yet not show off on me
show off on me yeah yeah laughing shit
yes a joke all right my team is a joke I
right here don't catch it you don't say
after you discordant you don't catch it
there you go not on another Street
the fucking ball man just picking on me
already 46 please pick that I'm throwing
it right to you man all right guy right
here pick it yes yes finally now run it
back on me there we go good good good I
now we're back to business all right
good all right now here we go you don't
said I'm not I I can't lose you I'm
saying because like I I just don't know
what was going on so I'm like I can't
lose the game because when you lose you
lose a thousand points but then when you
win you get a half a point of shits I'm
like all right let me let me let you
don't say it's the end of the first
let's let's toughen it up let's lock up
I picked the ball right here you pick it
I something I let me throw another one I
picked that one I suck down a bowl away
man thrown a right to you the fuck right
here pick the shit I don't care so you
know i'ma go for it you don't home care
job trying to move sportsmanship points
a good turnover on downs whatever I
don't care now right yeah there you go
run that shit on me do whatever the fuck
you want do a fake one you'd let a fuck
down man a fuck man you'll pick that all
right nobody wants to pick it all right
good good good yo oh my goodness I
should have been a fumble but I get to
turn over on down so it's all good it's
whatever right here I'm sit in the
pocket forever you know I'm saying had
to pick that shit now right yeah they
break a tackle he's a pussy a break a
tackle that pussy dude all right I he
got tackled I suck he got the ball back
I'm like fuck man over here I'm like I
could have had the pic I'm just thinking
like damn man I cannot lose another game
pick that shit man I lay them down hi
I'm les like yo man fuck I cannot lose
another get picked that shit all right
all right there we go so I got it back
on my higher let's go high Matthews
Waddell because he ain't give a fuck all
right let's go then I was like I me just
throw the shower head all right I didn't
get it you know I'm saying nose like I
let me try running it with Matthews nope
lay down sounds like I y'all running it
with a listening you know I'm saying
fuck he got a girl's name so the dude
leaves his legs open let's go so over
here he just comes out on another Street
picked the goddamn but um yeah I don't
know the same man like i said it's just
look look it I don't know how to get
there guys to stretch out like that cuz
my guys never do that okay he runs the
option you know I'm saying run the
option on me didn't truck me too no I'm
saying step in my helmet fuck down man
you know I'm say right here oh alright
y'all bro keep on keep on go here break
that tackle now look break him yeah
there you go there you go bro now run it
in right at you got a whole team behind
you there you go do all of them fucking
dumbasses man fuck up yet smile laugh
it's a joke don't give a fuck I had to
get something I got a little bit of
running game too I had a good a quick 7
on them right quick right
had to break it up the middle no sound
trying to slow it down to the half so I
wouldn't score to quit but I didn't know
that he was gonna be this competitive
over here I'd do a little quick
old-fashioned leu Tebow alright thanks
bro thanks yo good shit yo good shit
Tebow all right you know I'm saying
after that I had to come back out at the
sack I'm I was just trying to get the
ball back sucker score again and I look
over here he's running the fucking out
routes losing plano d over here I don't
know how you're from bless you I pick it
up not you pick it up me picking up the
fuck man he gets the ball back of it
give me that shit run it back for six
man yeah let's go let's go let's go may
I try to tackle me get the fuck out here
man let's go man the fuck alright so now
when I was up like 14 I'm like oh good
I'm up 14 definitely she be able to get
to win he comes out and throws that
dumbass pass and get to somehow i don't
know the fuck is going on you know over
here oh look at look at this idiot
burton bruckner or the fuck his name is
in plano fucking d and I right here he's
running look look how much time he has
he's running around doing whatever he
wants I don't know what was going on
look at this shit running again on the
run again look at this running for his
life with shit thrown the ball out of
bounds fucking scared as fuck I'm coming
right under his dumbass you pick that
shit pick it the fuck man let's go man
take it back for six hi lay down
whatever so that was the end of the half
man sounds like I if I score again more
than like oh he's come off onside kicks
on me hi bro hey whatever whatever bro
ya ain't gettin that shit so here right
here I had to run a quick little draw
you know I'm saying give me that let's
go let's go all right you know I'm
saying and then uh I don't know what you
all know what happened I came out in a
field goal Phil go fucking kick for some
reason i'll second i'm a fucking douche
bag then adequate throw to qwixcore
whatever kicked my field goal and then
you know at this point he had no choice
but to do it was right you know I'm
saying he paused the game i'm waiting
like I what is he gonna do well I think
one DC glitch me because I'm ready for
that people always fucking find a way to
DC glitch me and madden or whatever so
but he decided to concede so that was it
for that one man until next time one
love